[TT-12648 DX-1578] Migrate API Definition and policy feature list to docs (#5102)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-stack/tyk-operator/secure-an-api.md

---
date: 2017-03-24T16:39:31Z

> title: Protect an API with Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Protect an API with a Security Policy
```

You can link this Security Policy to any APIs you have defined in `access_rights_array`. In this example, the security policy is applied to `httpbin` API in `default` namespace.

#### Step 2: Deploy the SecurityPolicy resource

> You can do so either by applying the above manifest:

Reviewer: What is the alternative to applying the above manifest implied by _either_

- `meta_data`: Metadata key and values.

> You can go to the [Security Policy features]({{<ref "product-stack/tyk-operator/reference/security-policy">}}) page to see all the latest Security Policies fields and features Operator support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can visit the [Security Policy features]({{<ref "product-stack/tyk-operator/reference/security-policy">}}) page to see all the latest Security Policies fields and features Tyk Operator supports.
```
